that's my new neighbor what is his name
captain a stick that's what I've
been calling him such a nice day for a
jog what my ass isn't a good honest Girt
given the current climate it feels
inappropriate for me to comment on your
body
Ted is a snare drum you could bounce a
quarter off that thing screw him today's
my day I'm making a partner baby
headline news somebody in this room is
about to be some worldwide sports
management snow and the sockets oh
your mom ad agency exec oh no it's my
brother said you were gonna your
brothers well they say that I don't
connect with men I hired a psychic
Facebook I can help you why don't we
have some tea
this smells like the Turks oh that's
just jasmine tea if you don't count the
weed no peyote no crack
[Music]
I feel weird after last night yeah
that's what happens when tequila meets
desperation stop doing are you reading
my mind because if you can hear my inner
thoughts I am super
does he mess me up did you yourself
no no no no no I have psychic powers you
can hear what I'm thinking right now not
you just me you know you could use this
to your advantage
right I'm bluffing these false pretzels
are delicious I'm gonna freeze my sperm
ahead baby ice cubes
[Music]
and shot look at you pressing all the
ladies whatever why would I waste a
second on her when I got you is standing
right here in front of me what are her
eyes always closed ugly damn eyes open
but she look crazy as hell
[Music]
who are you I hope it's okay I borrowed
your mask
welcome to Wakanda close your mouth
don't breathe don't say
[Music]